According to the Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary, one definition of a "bug" 
is "an unexpected defect, fault, flaw, or imperfection."  Unfortunately for 
those of us who have long admired De Anza College, the De Anza web site is 
literally full of bugs, bugs of many different flavors.  For starters, the 
De Anza A-Z Directory has eight separate areas of alphabetical DISorder!  
(For example, "Map" appears after both "Massage Therapy Program" and 
"Mathematics Department," "Center for Applied Competitive Technologies" 
appears after "Chemistry Department," etc.)  

Broken links abound throughout the site.  The Crisis Counseling and
Suicide Prevention page has a link entitled "Santa Clara County Suicide
and Crisis Services" which is broken; it doesn't take much imagination to
envision the potential negative impact of that particular bug.  Especially
egregious are the SEVENTEEN broken links which appear on the "Student 
Resources" page of the Writing & Reading Center site.  Almost as bad are
the six broken links on the "Accreditation Links" page, and the four
broken links at the top of the Career Center's "Guide to Cover Letters."

And then there are the misspellings!  The Physics Department page has one 
short link with two out of three words misspelled ("Wolfam Synbolic
Integrator" should be "Wolfram Symbolic Integrator").  Math
instructor Hassan Bourgoub's faculty page starts off with a "Wellcome" 
to visitors.

Usability issues are another concern.  Students looking for a particular
instructor's classes via the "Searchable Schedule of Classes" are not warned
that only 10 letters of the instructor's name can be entered.  Thus, 
a student looking for classes taught by instructor "krishnamurthy" had 
better supply no more than "krishnamur"; any longer variation will be met with
a "No results for your search" message even though this instructor is in fact
teaching a class this quarter.

Then there are pages which have an unfinished look and feel.
Selecting the "General Book" link on the left side of the bookstore's 
home page results in just two graphics being displayed, neither of 
which is clickable.  And the "General Book/Merchandise" module seems 
to be inoperable--no combination of menu selection and search
string produces a match!  Students interested in viewing a list of software
available for sale in the bookstore are given a message telling them to
check back the week of 11/27/07!

So, what can be done about all these bugs?  In short, the entire De Anza
community--faculty, administrators, staff, parents, and especially
students--must demand better!  If you find a problem with a De Anza
web site page, try the following:

--Look for a link at the bottom of the page which will allow you to send
email to the page's owner about the problem.  

--If no owner is listed, and the page's URL starts with
"http://www.deanza.edu," there's a good chance that the Web Team owns that
page.  Use their "Broken Link Report" at
http://www.deanza.edu/webguide/weblinks.html to report broken links
and other problems.  If you don't see your problem fixed within a few weeks,
follow up with an email to the Web Team, webteam@saturn.deanza.edu. 

--If you're not having any luck getting someone to fix a
problem you've found, send email to me, maypumphreymaryann@fhda.edu.  As
the instructor for CIS-74, Computer Software Quality Assurance, I am
determined to utilize my students' efforts to improve the quality
of De Anza's web site. 

If you own a De Anza web page that doesn't provide a way for visitors
to send you problem reports, fix that right now.  And if you are notified 
about a bug in a page that you own, resolve it promptly.

Working together, we can make our site better!  If it looks good, we
look good!  If it looks bad....
